15: Rich Text Editor Tiptap (#6498)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 15/umbraco-cms/fundamentals/backoffice/property-editors/built-in-umbraco-property-editors/rich-text-editor/configuration.md

# Settings

In this article you can learn about the different options you have for configuring the Rich Text Editor (RTE).

## Toolbar

You have full control over which options should be available on the RTE.

![Toolbar: All options enabled](images/rte-tiptap-all-toolbar-items.png)

> In the examble above, all 27 options have been enabled. The options include font styles like bold and italics, bullet lists and options to embed videos and insert images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example above, all 27 options have been enabled. These options include font styles like bold and italics, bullet lists, and options to embed videos and insert images.
```

You can customize the look of the toolbar on the Data Type using the Rich Text Editor property editor.

![Enhance and customize the capabilities of the Rich Text Editor toolbar](images/rte-tiptap-capabilities-and-toolbar.png)

> * Enhance the capabilities of the toolbar by enablding or disabling extentions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enhance the capabilities of the toolbar by enabling or disabling extensions.
```

> * Enhance the capabilities of the toolbar by enabling or disabling extensions.

Reviewer: This list seems out of place cz it's right below an image without a leading line.

* Use the Toolbar designer to group together items and add additional rows if needed.

## Dimensions

Define `height` and `width` of the editor displayed in the content section.

## Maximum size for inserted images

Define the maximum size for images added through the Rich Text Editor.

If inserted images are larger than the dimensions defined here, the images will be resized automatically.

## Overlay Size

Select the width of the link picker overlay. The overlay size comes in three sizes: Small, Medium, Large, and Full.

## Available Blocks

> Blocks can be added as elements in the Rich Text Editor. Configuration and rendering of Blocks is described in the [Blocks in Rich Text Editor](blocks.md) article.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Blocks can be added as elements in the Rich Text Editor. Configuration and rendering of Blocks are described in the [Blocks in Rich Text Editor](blocks.md) article.
```

## Image Upload Folder

> Images added through the RTE is by default added to the root of the Media library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Images added through the RTE are by default added to the root of the Media library.
```
